[man]
We have reached a verdict.
This court finds
that the structural damages
caused by the hero known as Wild Tiger
in the filming of Hero TV did not result
in saving any civilian lives.
Therefore, Apollon Media will be
held liable for the cost of all repairs.
Yeah.
This court is adjourned.
[Kotetsu] Hey, why are you pissed off?
This is my problem.
It's my problem too!
We're a team.
That verdict takes points away
from both of us.
Ah, who cares about points? A real hero
does it to protect innocent lives and--
Would you just shut up?
[gasping]
I know we're a duo, and I've really tried
to put up with you...
But I don't think I can take much more...
of your constant meddling.
Meddling?
You said you were trying to save people,
but all you did was destroy buildings!
How is that supposed
to save anyone?
Geez, it was just
this one time.
It's every time!
And it's not just during work.
You stick your nose in everything!
You even bug me about my diet!
Oh, now I can't
give you advice.
Not when it drives me crazy! Listen,
I know you mean well,
but every time you try to help,
it just causes more problems
for everyone around you!
[girl] Oh my god, Barnaby?
Uh.
Oh, he's a huge fan of yours!
Can you please sign my baby?
[Barnaby] Uh, your baby?
I guess so...
Oh, and by the way,
happy birthday!
Huh?
Tomorrow's your
big day, isn't it?
Yeah, that's right.
[shocked gasp]
I bet a mega-star like Barnaby Brooks Jr.
must have the most extravagant birthday
party planned for tomorrow.
Actually, I don't have plans.
Here.
Oh, wow! I'll treasure this pen forever!
Ah, lemme get that for you.
It's the least I can do for a young mom.
[gasping]
[screaming]
My pen.
[sighing]
You gotta be kidding, dumb car!
Talk about awful timing!
[Kotetsu] Good morning, everybody!
Isn't the weather out there
beautiful today?
Mmm-hmm. I guess so.
When you look at a gorgeous blue sky,
it makes stuff like
paying government fines
seem so trivial, don't you think?
Because you're not
the one payin'.
Ha-ha! You're such
a kidder, Florence.
Hm? What's wrong?
You sick or somethin'?
No, I feel fine.
It's just that seeing your face is
reminding me of what happened yesterday.
[screaming]
Uh, what do you mean,
what happened?
Oh never mind. It bums me out
just thinking about it.
Wait a minute...
yesterday...
Barnaby Brooks Jr. must have the most
extravagant birthday party
planned for tomorrow.
Actually, I
don't have plans.
Oh, I get it.
A birthday party?
That's right! We gotta throw Bunny
a big shin-dig!
Fabulous idea.
You're saying pretty-boy was really
upset about some stupid birthday?
Yeah. The poor guy was so depressed.
That was the first time
I've ever seen him like that.
The only way we can cheer him up
is with a kick-ass birthday party!
Sounds like you're just
meddling to me.
Say what?
I mean your partner doesn't strike me
as the type of guy who enjoys surprises.
You don't get it! When Bunny finds out
we went to all this trouble for him,
he's gonna be like, thank you!
He's gonna hug all of us!
[Blue Rose] Then count me out.
Huh?
I'm not interested in
hugging that guy.
Come on, look at us. We're not
his friends, we're his competition.
She makes a good point, there.
But Fire Emblem said it
was a fabulous idea.
On second thought, it sucks.
Come on!
What's wrong with you people?
Aren't birthdays a chance for everyone
to celebrate and be together?
[Sky High] Absolutely!
I completely agree.
Birthdays are special days.
Yes, when one of us celebrates
a milestone,
we should all support him.
Right, Mr. Wild?
Right, but these
guys don't wanna--
-A surprise party it is!
-Huh?
If the King of Heroes says so,
then I'm on board.
Sky High, what you just
said was really moving.
Hey, he just repeated the
same thing I said before!
All right people! Let's work together
to throw Barnaby a one-of-a-kind party!
[all] Yeah!
This was my idea.
Hey, so what kind of gift
are you getting Barnaby?
Huh? I kinda thought the party
was his present.
Uh, no, dummy. You have to get him
a real gift. Something from the heart.
[groaning]
I have no idea what he even likes.
You're so hopeless.
Do you want me to help you find something?
Uhhh...
You'd look snappy in
somethin' like this.
I would never
wear that.
Really?
So, uh, which one of
these do you like?
Have you ever seen
me wear a hat?
Guess not.
Hey, so what do you think
about this man-apron?
What is wrong with you today?
Oh, I'm doing research on some of
my friends.
Just wanna keep up-to-date
on what they're into.
And why would you
wanna know that?
No reason! Come on,
isn't there anything that you really want?
Up there.
What? You want a flat-screen!?
Not the TV, the diamond.
[news anchor] The rare diamond known as
The Tears of Hercules,
is currently on display at the
Stern Bild Central Museum.
People have been lining up all day
to get a glimpse of the gem,
which is valued at roughly
six million Stern dollars.
Outta my price range.
[Pauly] I want that rock!
In fact, I decided,
that's what we're gonna steal next!
Yet another diamond, sir?
Do you have a problem
with what I want!?
But sir, isn't your collection
already quite extensive?
Don't you get it?
When it comes to my desires,
there's no such thing as enough!
If I want something,
I will make it mine.
That is, as long as I have my wealth,
and my powers.
[laughing]
You're wondering why I
called you down here.
Well, it's because there's a dangerous
gang of thieves on the loose.
Are you up to catching
these guys, Bunny?
[high-pitched voice]
As long as you're with me!
Let's do it then.
[grunting]
Look, that must be one
of the thieves now! Let's roll!
[high-pitched voice] Okay!
Get back here!
You're cornered!
Boss, ya gotta save me
from this guy!
Stop right there.
So you're the thief in charge!
Who are you guys anyway?
[chuckling]
We don't give our names to scum like you!
You guys got one more chance!
Give up or you're goin' down!
You are the one who
should be giving up!
What?
[Blue Rose]
Freeze, tough guys!
Oh no! We're
surrounded.
We heard that you've been calling us
scum behind our backs. Big mistake, buddy.
What should we do, Bunny?
[high-pitched voice]
I don't know, I'm scared.
[laughing]
I'm afraid it's over.
You'd better say your prayers.
Save me Bunny!
Eat lead!
Happy birthday!
And that's
a wrap!
Good rehearsal!
Yeah!
I think I sounded pretty cool, huh?
"We don't give our names
to scum like you..." Awesome!
Yeah, yeah.
What kind of feedback is that?
Well, how do you think I did?
I threw in some brand new lines.
You overdid it!
"I'm afraid it's over.
You better say your prayers!"
You're laying it on too thick.
Oh, sorry. Next time
I won't improvise.
So did you decide on a
present yet?
Nah. I took your advice and asked him
what he likes wearing,
but he's kinda hard to read.
I see. Well, sorry.
It's fine.
But thanks
for the help.
Huh?
Maybe I'll just give
him this.
Oh no you won't! We chipped in for this,
it's from all of us.
Barnaby's your partner,
so you better get him something good.
Hmmm...
Thanks for doing this
every year.
[Samantha]
It's nothing.
I worked for your family '
for so long, dear.
Baking you a pound cake
is the least I can do.
For as long as I know you I promise
I shall always send you a cake
on your birthday.
Samantha, you're
the best!
Barnaby?
Oh, uh, sorry.
I'm sure that your parents would send you
their warmest blessings,
if only they were still with us.
Have a wonderful
birthday.
Thanks.
What do you want?
Get over here!
We've got a bad situation on our hands!
[gasping]
[guard] Nothin' over here.
That thing is somethin'.
Six million bucks, huh?
Mmm. What I could do
with that kind of dough.
Nothin' over there. And
nothin' over here either.
Huh?
Good evening.
[gasping and screaming]
Well, did you ever pick
out a birthday present?
Sure did! I gave it some thought
and realized
just hanging out with me
is present enough!
Are you kidding me?
He hates hanging out with you!
Yeah that's a problem.
You should really go buy
him something.
I would, but we're
running out of time.
-Heads up, he's coming!
-Get into position!
Hey!
Hey, so what's going on?
You're wondering why
I called you down here.
Well, it's 'cause there's a dangerous
gang of thieves on the loose.
Are you up to
catching them?
I think I'll pass.
Huh?
I thought it might be more
of your incessant meddling.
That's why I only respond
to calls from headquarters.
Pickpocket!
What are you doing?
The stupid bag
is stuck!
-Would you just go!?
-I'm trying!
That guy a friend of
yours or something?
No no, not at all!
Hey! That guy ran off with my bag!
Come on, help me get him!
No thanks.
What are you waiting for!?
[gasping]
Oh, sorry about that.
What is he doing?
Hey. I'm pretty sure
that pickpocket of yours got away.
[groaning]
[humming]
[Barnaby] There's no way we're
going to find him.
Just have faith.
Let's see. Where was it again?
What do you mean where was it?
Do you know where the guy's
secret hideout is, or something?
H-how would I know that?
It's just a feeling!
Ah! There he is now!
Hey you!
Stop right there.
So you're the thief in charge!
How did you know that?
How did I--- Um, a
lucky guess?
That dummy's
improvising lines again.
Who are you guys anyway?
Yes! Now we're
back on track!
[chuckles loudly]
We don't just give out
our names to---
Barnaby.
My name is Barnaby Brooks Jr.
and this is Wild Tiger.
I assume that you've heard of us?
You mean the heroes?
If you're smart,
you'll surrender now.
Well, looks like you can
take it from here.
Huh? Whaddya mean?
He's not going to run from a superhero.
I think you can handle this one
on your own.
Wait! Don't go yet!
Stop wasting my time!
[Blue Rose]
Freeze, tough guys!
Oh no! We're surrounded.
We heard you've been calling us scum
behind our backs. Big mistake, buddy.
What do you mean?
We never called you scum.
What?
They didn't?
Oh great. This is a mess!
Are you mocking me?
Better say your prayers!
Ah, that's right!
Save me Bunny!
Too late. Die!
[gasping]
What's goin' on?
That's exactly what I want to know!
Were you seriously just about to use me
as a human shield?
Oh, uh, never mind that.
Hey, why did he use live rounds?
Care to explain to me
why you're talking to the criminals...
Wait, what are those?
[both] They're our weapons.
Over here!
Finally! Get me out of here!
That guy was a real criminal.
Come on.
I feel like I'm
missing something.
Well, that's the understatement
of the year!
Start talking!
What is the meaning of all this?
Well, uh, truth is, we were throwing you
a surprise birthday party.
Again with your meddling!
How many times do I have to tell you
that you have to stop this?
You always cause more problems
for people you try to help!
Hello, there, Heroes. New orders
from the Justice Bureau.
This time it's a robbery.
Get on it right away!
Hey!
[announcer] Time for another
episode of Hero TV!
We're live with a brand
new crime in progress.
And there they are!
It's Pauly and his gang,
criminals wanted for
stealing the Tears of Hercules!
He's a NEXT?
That's right. He's able to transform
his body into diamonds.
Sounds like he's tough.
What's the big plan, Lil Bunny?
I've had enough of you. Don't bother me.
Huh?
Nothing good happens when you're involved.
From now on, I'm going solo.
We're no longer a team,
as far as I'm concerned.
[whispering]
[Saito]
Tiger & Barnaby! You guys ready?
You've got that mic
turned up pretty loud.
A little something extra
for ya!
I heard it was Barnaby's birthday, so I
modified his suit a little. Tiger's, too!
You what?
Huh? Where is it?
What the hell?
[announcer] Incredible!
The King of Heroes himself,
Sky High, is first on the scene!
You criminals ruined our entire skit!
And after I worked so hard
to learn my lines!
-[growling]
-[yelling] Sky high!
[grunting]
Let's go!
Huh?
[announcer] Wild Tiger and Barnaby
have activated their powers!
This means they have five minutes before
their Hundred Power
wears off!
Spread out!
[screaming]
[gasping]
[announcer] Sky High has captured one
of the thieves!
[Sky High] You crossed the
line this time!
I'm sorry.
The next one's ours,
Bunny. Huh? Bunny?
[screaming]
My ice is a little cold,
but your crime has---
Oh balls, I'm late.
Hey! At least let me
finish my catchphrase.
-[Sky High] I know the feeling.
-[both] Huh?
I also wanted
to say my lines.
There I was, waiting the
whole time.
Alone, in some dingy back
alley... like a dog.
Aw, that just
sounds awful.
Why don't we make it up to you?
Take the last guy.
Thanks, but no thanks. I think it's best
if we let them handle it.
Huh?
After all, it is
Barnaby's special day!
[Tiger] Gotcha, punk!
Come to papa.
[grunts]
Bye bye!
Hey! Let go of me!
You're not
getting away!
[suit]
Powers expire in 30 seconds.
Dammit, this isn't good.
Our powers are almost out!
I heard her, idiot.
And thank you for sharing it
with the suspect!
So, your powers are about
to run out, are they!?
Then I think I'll stick
around and play!
We've got a different
idea, shiny.
Damn that's hard!
Hee-hee!
[chuckling]
[gasping]
I'm made of the hardest
substance known to man!
What are you doing? Shut him down!
[announcer] Uh-oh! Not even
Tiger and Bunny's super strength
can penetrate the crook's diamond skin!
[chuckling] You heroes are pathetic!
I'm the strongest person
in the whole world!
[suit] Five seconds remaining.
Four... Three..
[suit] Activating Good Luck
Mode.
Good Luck Mode.
Three... two... one.
[yelling]
[suit] Tiger and Barnaby!
Over and out!
We did it.
[Saito] Great job, you two!
[Barnaby] That add-on is amazing.
It really boosted our power!
Nah! It doesn't
affect your power at all!
Wha--?
[Saito] Yeah, it's purely cosmetic.
Just makes your suits look cooler.
That's all it does?
Then how did we just beat
that guy?
You worked together! It
was perfect teamwork, that's all!
Huh?
[Saito] I had no idea
you could smash through diamonds
when you combined your powers!
I wouldn't exactly call
that teamwork.
Yeah, don't get the wrong idea.
It was just a lucky--
What are you, nuts? You knuckleheads
were totally in sync.
You're finally becoming a team!
Why don't you take him.
It's my birthday
present to you.
Huh?
You honestly believed me when I said
I wanted that diamond?
I can't accept stolen property.
Not that. What I meant is
that I'll give you the arrest.
Huh?
After all, I know how much
you love points. Happy birthday.
[chuckling]
There's nothing
happy about it.
Huh?
I told you I hate it when
you meddle.
But---
And besides, only fiends
give gifts. Not us, right?
Is that so?
[Pauly]
Hey, why are you smiling?
[Barnaby]
I'm not smiling.
Is it gonna stay this big?